How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    it showed both the old and new lines together

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    you can recreate old working versions more easily

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    you can commit a completed thought

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git is a program control system and is designed for programs with multiple files

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    diff will show differences in files, so can log if the files are in Git

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    it is easy to go back to a working version

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    not much yet

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	things will never go missing, any thoughts that you put down are saved

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

	you can coordinate changes with complete thoughts with manual control. ( does it compile, run etc ). Autosave can save your bacon when things crash

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Git is designed for programming projects which a spread over multiple related files. Others assume each file stands on its own.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log  to show the revisions, then git diff with both ids to show the differences, use the first four chars of the revision ids


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

    You can go back to a version of the program that worked with git checkout

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    building a program

